Wade: Hi, buddy. Why don't you relax, huh? You know it's nap time, right?
Kostadis: Bringing in progress.
Kostadis: Ahoy, ahoy.
Wade: Ahoy. Ahoy.
Kostadis: How you doing? How's it going, Mr. Burns?
Gary: Oh, I'm good. I had this amazing dinner. What'd you have? It's like, uh Oh, that's right. You went for the city dinner, right? Yeah. There's this like, um, fine dining ramen restaurant. It's incredible.
Wade: Where was it? Was it up in San Francisco or what?
Jared: Yeah, yeah. It was on Gary Street. It's called Noodle in a Haystack.
Wade: Haven't been there, but you know, the places I haven't been is pretty numerous.
Jared: I mean, it's uh, it's, it's like, You know, a nine course prefix, like fine dining thing, but it's like ramen.
Wade: Ramen? Wait, was this actually like nine individual ramen dishes? Or did you have like a couple of appetizers like gyoza or, uh,
Jared: edamame
Wade: and other stuff along the way or what?
Jared: It's more high concept. Um,
Wade: Oh boy, it's food is art.
Jared: I have a few pictures. Can't share the pictures.
Wade: Oh yeah, cause only the meeting organizer has that authority, and he's not here. I was beginning to wonder if anyone was gonna show up, I missed some side channel communication. Oh, there he is. Oh, there he is.
Wade: Hello. Hello.
Kostadis: Hello.
Kostadis: Hello! La la la. Can
Wade: you guys hear me? I can hear you, you guys can't hear us, I guess. Let me just remind Dave and Gary.
Jared: Alright, Kostadis, can you let me share?
Wade: He has food porn.
Jared: So yeah, so this was this amazing restaurant. This is actually not from tonight, but I've been to this place twice. So yeah, this was like some, this was like a little Amish bush, and this was like a cold ramen with like roe and
Wade: You're saying something we can't hear it.
Wade: No, we, you're the, you can't hear us.
Jared: This was like a crab dashi broth. Uh. It was like a little tiny ramen. These were our amazing shoes. Um, this is like a little Wagyu hamburger in this like milk bread with uh, almost like a donut like crust on it. This was out of this world. Uh, this is actually cheese.
Jared: It's like the innards of a burrata with like roasted garlic and crunchies and things. Um, and then this is like the
Wade: actual ramen dish. Yeah,
Jared: this was like the main dish. I don't know if I took, Oh, these are all the wine prices. I didn't take, there were like two more desserts after that. Uh, but Holy moly.
Jared: Yeah. Uh, noodle and a haystack. Uh, it's like the most impossible reservation to get in San Francisco right now.
Wade: How long have they been open? Is it just like a new restaurant or something?
Jared: Uh, it started as a pop up restaurant after the pandemic. And like, I think it's like a year or two now. It's like a.
Jared: Restaurant, restaurant.
Wade: Yeah, word of mouth got out. Now everybody wants to go there.
Kostadis: Gary and Dave should know we're playing.
Wade: I don't know. They're not, I'm not their keeper.
Kostadis: I know. I
Jared: thought Gary was going to be late or something.
Wade: I thought you were going to be late.
Jared: Here I am.
Wade: I know. I thought he said, yeah, Gary specifically said this week is good, right?
Wade: And you said like, oh, I've got dinner. I might be able to make it on time.
Jared: Yeah. The only reservation we could get was at 5 p. m. So.
Wade: It's fine for dinner. You just eat a, you know, earlier light lunch and there you go.
Kostadis: I have something to share. So it's kind of funny, Jared, since, you know, you, you worked on this problem before.
Kostadis: Um, you may recall the whole problem of how do you combine virtual machines with, um, Uh, Kubernetes, you may recall this, Bob.
Jared: I'm reliving this chapter of our life too, so.
Kostadis: I just want you to know that, uh, Um, I'm getting another kick out of can of the problem. Nice. I
Wade: thought you weren't, I thought you weren't supposed to use VMs and Kubernetes or Docker.
Wade: They're, they're, you know.
Kostadis: Well, first of all, nobody uses Docker.
Wade: I use Docker.
Kostadis: No, no. You use Docker for your development pipeline, not for your backend infrastructure. And if you do
Wade: I also use it for my, my
Kostadis: home
Wade: network.
Kostadis: And if you do, you're just one of those dinosaurs who's not one of the cool kids. So let's just accept it.
Jared: We use, we use Docker.
Wade: Yeah, like my Home Assistant, my NB, or my Jellyfin install, they're all Docker images.
Kostadis: Docker images is not the Docker swarm system.
Wade: Oh no, I never use anything that commercial, no.
Kostadis: Yeah.
Wade: That's what I will use.
Kostadis: Yeah. I
Wade: don't pay for shit.
Jared: Uh, dash CC. Yeah. CC dash
Wade: CC one
Jared: dash a dot out.
Wade: You know, no, if you're going to name it a dot out, you don't need to, to give a file name, right?
Wade: Like that's the default. Let's
Jared: what
Jared: is the, what's the origin of a dot out? How did that become the like default output?
Jared: That is a good question. I don't know that story.
Wade: I wouldn't know either. I've never looked into it.
Jared: It's an abbreviated
Jared: form of Assembler Output.
Jared: Yeah, GPT will answer your question.
Wade: It may not be correct. It might tell you to go kill yourself, but it will answer.
Jared: Stands for Assembler Output.
Wade: There you go. It turned out to be far more boring than any of us could have imagined.
Kostadis: It turns out it was the file name of the output of Ken Thompson's PDP 7 Assembler.
Wade: Now that's more interesting.
Kostadis: Yes. Um,
Kostadis: uh,
Wade: Yeah,
Kostadis: so it is, it literally is the output of the PDP Assembler. So, interesting.
Wade: So dinosauric.
Kostadis: And the more you know.
Wade: Yeah, I saw your little gesture. You needed a rainbow trailing behind your hand.
Kostadis: That really was disappointing. Really.
Wade: Is time spent with me ever not?
Kostadis: Yes. You asked, I speak the truth.
Wade: Doubt.
Kostadis: What? That I speak the truth? I'm
Wade: sure David regrets spending time with me.
Kostadis: I was speaking about myself and nobody else. What other people feel is their own feelings, and I don't think we should judge people, and this is a safe place where we all get together to play Dungeons Dragons.
Wade: I'm not judging, I'm being discerning.
Kostadis: All right, okay, all righty.
Wade: I should actually open up the website, shouldn't I?
Kostadis: Yes, okay, I have, I have spent time pulling things together.
Kostadis: All right, so Oh, excuse
Wade: me. Oh, sorry.
Jared: Oh, cut us off. The, uh, I have a new tool to share that's amazing. I've been using all week called granola. ai. And it like, um, it's like your assistant that like listens to your zoom meetings, but it can also just access your microphone and like generates summarized meeting notes.
Jared: Um, holy cow. It's so good. I
Wade: mean, zoom does that too, right? Like just sort of natively.
Jared: Yeah, but it's kind of garbage.
Kostadis: Could you use it for today and send me the notes?
Jared: Yeah, sure. Put it on right now.
Kostadis: So I'd just like to say that I'm always looking for a tool that will reduce my time, time of taking meetings.
Wade: You can just reduce your time taking meetings.
Kostadis: You know, it's engineers like you that piss me off, because always looking for the simple solution. That is not the right answer.
Wade: You're making the problem up.
Kostadis: You know, it's kind of like a lot of research, where they come up with a technical problem, which requires them to solve other technical problems, and they publish more papers.
Wade: No, what they actually did was they came up with a solution, and then they had to find a problem for it.
Kostadis: And in the process, created other problems that needed to then be solved.
Wade: Yes.
Kostadis: You cannot forget that part.
Wade: Oh wow, this map now has a big ol ring of death on it.
Kostadis: Alright, let me do this. Uh, blue, ancient blue dragon.
Kostadis: I need to adjust this a little bit, okay. Uh, right. Okay. Um, hold on.
Wade: Man, that dog is dead.
Kostadis: What?
Wade: That dog is dead over there.
Kostadis: Now you're talking about your dog?
Wade: Yeah, he started Prozac this week and he's just been a lump.
Kostadis: Why?
Wade: Because he's maladjusted. Because he spends his whole life with me.
Kostadis: I mean, are you serious about the Prozac?
Kostadis: was actually Oh, didn't realize dogs take Prozac. All right, hold on.
Wade: I got a lemon.
Kostadis: Okay, ready.
Dave: Do we have a, uh, battle chart?
Kostadis: I'm currently working on adding the people to the spreadsheet.
Wade: Oh, right. That's what I'm missing. So, uh, Google Drive,
Wade: Init Tracker, there it is. What are bookmarks?
Kostadis: What?
Dave: 16 initiative bonus, is that correct?
Kostadis: Yeah,
Kostadis: she is a legendary, she is not, she didn't survive this long by being, you know, your average dragon. There's a reason everybody's going for the treasure trove. All right, okay. A
Wade: horde
Wade: of hordes.
Kostadis: All right, storm giants.
Kostadis: All right, I'm just gonna have one initiative roll for all of them because I can't be bothered to do this. All right, all right.
Dave: Vardis, I have one thing to say to you.
Wade: Keep you alive at all costs.
Dave: If you Burn your actions trying to heal me, we will both end up dead.
Wade: But, but, by definition of healing you, you wouldn't be dead.
Dave: Breathe into that what you will.
Kostadis: Dude, that, that, that's, that's really dark, I think.
Wade: I know, when did you get all
Dave: emo? I'm just, I'm just making a comment about the action economy.
Kostadis: Really? That's your, that's your line? Okay. One,
Kostadis: two, three, four, five.
Kostadis: All right. Hackathon.
Wade: Man, it's all yawns tonight.
Wade: Come on, you're telling me you don't want 80, 80 hit points right at the start of battle?
Kostadis: Um.
Dave: I mean, Hero's Feast or something like that would be an awesome, uh,
Wade: I think we're already in the midst of things, I don't think I can prepare it, I'm not even sure I
Dave: have it. Yeah, you could have prepared it the night before, it's fine.
Kostadis: Yes, I'm fine.
Dave: That's what you want to use, that would be amazing.
Wade: Let's see. Oh! Uh, no, I do not have it learned.
Kostadis: You do not have it as one of the spells you can learn.
Wade: It's not, yeah, I do not. I mean, I see it. Okay. Okay.
Kostadis: You can just change one of your spells to it.
Dave: Yeah, you can change one, but you'd, uh, just have to drop something else.
Wade: Oh, is that what, some other, what is this, fifth level?
Dave: Sixth level. Sixth
Wade: level, geez. Well, I don't
Dave: think I have much better it's sixth level, though.
Wade: Yeah, no, it is good.
Jared: What's the spell? Hero's Feast.
Wade: Alright, so let's, let's drop, uh, oh, let's drop, uh, we're not fighting vampires anymore, I don't need Sunbeam.
Kostadis: Now
Wade: I'll drop Blade Barrier, I've never used that, never will. I have used, Sunbeams. I'm just gonna keep that all around. All
Dave: right. We may actually have enough of a party to defeat this dragon This is some pretty serious firepower.
Kostadis: Yeah, just just so you know The dragon does have a bunch of clerics around.
Dave: Oh, the dragon has, uh,
Kostadis: has healers as
Dave: well?
Kostadis: Yes.
Dave: Excellent.
Kostadis: And do we have an
Wade: hour to consume the feast?
Jared: That's good.
Kostadis: I'm assuming you did it the night before. The
Jared: night before.
Wade: Oh, all right.
Jared: Or in the morning.
Kostadis: I just want to be clear.
Kostadis: There are more minions that you haven't yet spotted.
Dave: I wouldn't want to survive this battle, so that's good.
Kostadis: I'm just, I just want everybody to know that there are minions.
Dave: Is the Tarrasque coming? Because that's what I really want.
Kostadis: No.
Dave: What kind of chromatic blue dragon can't even summon a Tarrasque?
Kostadis: Just for the record, they did get rid of the, uh, the rule about the, uh, Aarakocra with the first level Aarakocra.
Gary: Wait, did you say a Tarrasque dragon hybrid?
Kostadis: No, no. So, uh, so, so in, um
Dave: Alright, you made me laugh, Gary. Thank you.
Kostadis: Yeah. In the fifth, in fifth edition, 2014, the Tarrasque had no ranged attacks.
Kostadis: So a first level Aarakocra could kill one.
Dave: Oh,
Dave: there, there were definitely some flaws with that monster. There were, there were a number of ways to cheese to tease it.
Kostadis: Right. Doesn't
Dave: trust, I read an article about several different ways.
Kostadis: What
Gary: doesn't have like region 40 or something like that.
Gary: What's
Kostadis: that? Uh, it, it's, no, I, the, there's some like cheesy way you can defeat it with like a ranger and a crossbow.
Dave: Yeah.
Dave: You just kind of Right. Couple different ways.
Kostadis: Yeah. They, they, they cleaned that up in the 2024 edition. Okay. They also, they also said the, uh The gun, like, the, uh, peasant gun rail does not work.
Dave: I think there were, one of the ones I liked was you could cast reduce on like a whole bunch of cattle or something like that and then the Tarrasque would use its swallow hole attack to eat all the reduced cattle and then they would re enlarge in the gut and explode the Tarrasque from the inside.
Kostadis: There were many
Dave: That was, that was a creative one. I like that one.
Wade: Yeah, why would you remove that kind of fun? That's Yeah.
Dave: for the next campaign, the Jared Unla Key. You need an initiative
Wade: Also, everybody gets 16 bonus hit points or rather 16 to their max. I guess it's not quite bonus. It's a little better.
Dave: Oh, did you cast it? Yep.
Wade: I mean, yeah, for the rolls in the channel.
Jared: So reason, that's because it's been a while. Oh, I need to,
Wade: you're immune to poison and frightened and resistant to poison.
Wade: I don't think either of those will come up, but at least you can't be frightened, so.
Dave: Well, frightening can definitely happen.
Wade: Frightening might happen. Poison, I'm not so sure, but we'll see what happens.
Dave: Resistance to poison, immunity to frightened and poisoned.
Wade: Condition, yeah.
Dave: Hit point maximum increases by 2d10.
Wade: Which was 16.
Dave: Oh, which is, which is, so these are not temporary hit points. Right, it's, it's better
Wade: than bonus hit points.
Wade: It's an actual maximum for 24
Wade: hours.
Dave: That's awesome. So that is helpful. And extra 16 hit points, I'll take them.
Wade: I think we all will.
Wade: I mean, if you want to eat my delicious feast.
Dave: 162, and I can still do temporary hit points on top of that.
Wade: Yeah, this is just increasing your maximum.
Dave: Yeah, that's nice.
Wade: So, uh, let's make one out of three, one out of three.
Dave: Everybody gets 16 more hit points in their max column.
Kostadis: Did we sort? Did everybody do this?
Kostadis: Try not.
Dave: Oh, somebody else did it. Oh, what a surprise.
Wade: Oh, gee, the one with plus 16 initiative, uh, went first.
Dave: Yeah.
Wade: Portended that down to a 1 and still go pretty high.
Dave: What happened to rows 11 and 13?
Kostadis: I'm about to see. I don't,
Dave: I don't know what happened to those, uh
Wade: Is Ali G one of the monsters we're facing?
Kostadis: No, no, no, no, these are monsters that, that you will discover.
Dave: Demon Balor is, uh, Bob.
Kostadis: Uh, yeah, Balor is Bob.
Kostadis: Since you guys did not encounter, you refused to fight Bob when I had him as the hero of the play and you did that like really lame ass thing.
Dave: Rolling really well, that thing. Rolling a bunch of like natural 20s or something.
Kostadis: Well done, my wife's done.
Dave: Well you finally get to use him in combat after all these years.
Kostadis: So,
Kostadis: alright, bye. Okie dokie.
Wade: Oh wait, all of these are good guys. Well, most of them.
Kostadis: Yeah, well, so the Yeah, let's just leave it at that. Most of them.
Kostadis: Okay, so where were we?
Wade: I'd just like to have them color coded in some way.
Dave: I have to decide what I'm going to
Wade: do. What your alchemy going into battle is.
Dave: Uh, let me have a think about this one.
Dave: Would somebody else like the conch of teleportation and attuned to it the night before? Gary, perhaps? I
Wade: think I've got everything I can be attuned to.
Dave: That sounds like the kind of thing that I would, uh, I would have accepted.
Dave: I think you should take it. I'm definitely not going to use it. Um, you can find it in D& D Beyond, just search for Conch of Teleportation.
Dave: Oh yeah, you should definitely check that.
Kostadis: Alright, okay.
Dave: Let's see, where do I find that?
Dave: Where, where are the Atonement? It's under Equipment I assume, right?
Dave: Under Equipment, yeah.
Dave: Ah, yes, the Cube of Summoning. I definitely want to use that.
Kostadis: Alright. I guess, uh, I really like
Jared: how I can summon a dragon.
Kostadis: Alright.
Wade: I can Summon the Djinn.
Kostadis: Okay. So, alright. So Balor rushes, uh, Bob rushes the dragon. Alright. And combat begins. Alright. So let's go. Alright. Um.
Wade: Alright.
Kostadis: Alright. Initiative. Count. 10 the big battle between all the other dragons happens.
Dave: All right,
Kostadis: so I Have already I've already written down what they do.
Kostadis: So we won't be
Jared: everyone's so small. I'm so tiny
Kostadis: Yeah, it's a very big area. All right, so Gary first of all Gary you've gone down
Gary: So I think we're trying to come up, right?
Kostadis: You're trying, you're trying, so you're trying to come up.
Gary: Yeah.
Kostadis: Alright, up there or up the, up the other path you know does not, does not lead you right into the middle of the battle.
Gary: There, there is another path.
Kostadis: Yeah, you came in through it.
Gary: I thought we came in through the open to two.
Kostadis: Uh, is that how you guys came in?
Wade: So not through this
Kostadis: stairwell?
Gary: Hold
Kostadis: on.
Gary: So, you know, I think that the, my, my normal instinctive would be. I was down there. We were working towards our escape. We would be going whatever seems.
Kostadis: So what's her name tells you? So just to be clear, she tells you that there's, you, you don't, she sees, she hears what's going on up there and says we can escape from the back, from the back door.
Kostadis: Up
Kostadis: to
Kostadis: you. She's like,
Dave: Oh, you also have the contra teleportation. So you could just teleport out once there's no more. Binding. That's another option.
Gary: Theoretically, yes.
Kostadis: Alright, I just want you to, okay, so She's like, you could let her go out the other way You could like, valiantly go up and help your friends I mean, you know
Gary: Is the back door the stairs at the bottom?
Kostadis: Uh, if you can see the stairs, yes.
Gary: Okay, alright.
Kostadis: Uh, no no, the stairs, sorry, let me just move your character The stairs are over here. Oh,
Kostadis: hold on. I didn't, uh, sorry. I'm looking at a different map here.
Kostadis: So if you are over
Kostadis: here,
Kostadis: the exit is over here. So
Kostadis: that's a lot longer way to get out. That's just something you have to decide.
Gary: And would we be going this way?
Kostadis: Yeah, so you, you, you would have to come from here to there. The other option, the other option is to fly up the, down the downside of flying up. I mean, you, you, she might decide she doesn't want to go out that way, so like she's got a will of her own
Kostadis: Yeah. Like she's, she has, has no interest. She hears Big Dragon battle above. She knows about Exit Secret Exit. She knows about Side Exit. She's going to probably go through the side exit. Unless you do something. All right. Okay. I just want to make sure.
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis: All right So I will I will I will give you one round Because all the chaos was happening with Bob and nobody noticed you. Give her
Dave: the conch and then come join us in battle
Wade: Yeah, let her go.
Dave: Where will she go though?
Dave: She would go to Hakatan's domain.
Wade: Yeah The underwater
Wade: palace
Wade: thing.
Gary: Okay, uh, and then how do the rest of us get out?
Gary: Oh, we get out with Hekaton.
Wade: We get out through the mortal coil.
Kostadis: Well, I mean, you can then choose to come in through the portal, the portal that you've learned how to use.
Dave: Oh, how do we get in? Yeah, yeah, that, that, yeah, it is possible to get in elsewhere.
Kostadis: No, the problem is that you can't teleport to the area because the area is blocked by teleportation.
Kostadis: So you'd have to, so this, so you have to make a choice, like you can, so I'm just saying, or you could tell her to just, you know, escape and you'll catch up with her.
Gary: Maybe she'd like to come with us and turn into a dragon. Oh, wait, no.
Kostadis: Well, do you, maybe she can turn into a dragon, Gary. I mean, unfortunately, Uncle Joon is dead, so we'll never know exactly what he was about to tell you.
Dave: Fuck that
Gary: guy. They don't care. Drunken ravings.
Kostadis: So, so we will never know.
Gary: Um, uh, okay, fine, we should go out the, the top entrance.
Kostadis: You're gonna go up, you're gonna go up the top entrance and she's going to follow. Okay, you're gonna have to roll to persuade her.
Gary: Let's go this way, they'll never expect it.
Gary: Uh, persuasion
Gary: three.
Dave: How long have you been dating this girl?
Wade: I don't think she trusts him in his new, you know, eyes and other draconic
Wade: features.
Kostadis: She kind of gives him the, you know, I don't know if I, I trust you. She's like screaming, we're gonna go up there where the big battle is going to occur Is that your plan?
Gary: One dimensional chess.
Gary: Chess is on a two dimensional board. It's one dimensional chess.
Kostadis: She goes, I haven't She pauses and goes, I haven't even been here planned.
Gary: Okay, what's your plan?
Kostadis: You're gonna go up that way and distract them while I go out the other side and we'll meet at the exits.
Gary: Alright, we'll do it your way.
Kostadis: She's like, she's kind of like, now you don't know, does she wash her hands of you?
Kostadis: Does she, she gives you a tearful farewell and wishes you all the best.
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis: She, she pleads with you to My wife's really annoying.
Kostadis: So, she's, uh, so, so, uh, she is definitely, yes, she, she is not convinced by Thistle, uh, that that is the correct answer to her problem, so she is, so she is going to run out, but she wishes you all the best. You are, on the other hand, are going to demonstrate, you, you, she actually then, she then pauses and says, you know what, you going up and fighting them will probably guarantee my escape because they will think that this was all part of my plan, and not that I, you tried to free me.
Kostadis: If you don't show up, they might suspect something.
Gary: It's a good plan! I'll see you on that way.
Kostadis: You know, this'll You've come so far to rescue me. Why don't you go one step further?
Gary: Alright, I think I'd at least like to roll an insight check.
Gary: 26. A
Gary: little better that time.
Kostadis: She's on
Kostadis: it.
Kostadis: She's, she's, she's, she's, um, She's convinced, she, she's, She really believes that this is the best for the best.
Kostadis: I mean, what she really would like is for both of you to flee, but if you're really committed to the going up and fighting, she doesn't want to follow that path because she's worried she's going to get killed, unless you come up with a very clever reason why she will not.
Gary: I think I already failed that roll, so.
Kostadis: Okay. So she's going to run this way. You're going to run up out. Okay. Which is good because now everybody's really convinced that the drag, that, uh, that this is all a prank by, this is all a prank by Bob, right? The fact that you fly up convinces everyone that, you know, they're, they're all convinced that you went down there to see the, to, to, to see whether your love of your life was there and she wasn't.
Kostadis: And so clearly it was a prank by Bob. So you coming up sells it even more.
Gary: There we go.
Kostadis: So it is absolutely All right, so let's begin. All right, initiative. All right. Um, what does the blue dragon do? Okay. Uh, Strong, uh, wrong dragon.
Kostadis: He, of course,
Kostadis: he moves this way.
Wade: Uh, we're on. Still on. Oh, wait, we're in that map. Nevermind.
Kostadis: Are we in the right map?
Wade: Yeah, we're on the right map. I,
Kostadis: no, no, I, no, I, I the therapist. You should be on this map. All right. So sorry. Iymrith moves over here.
Kostadis: Lightning, can I do this?
Kostadis: Does this work? No, this is not what I wanted. Um, uh, nevermind. Okay, so she will use her, uh, lightning bolt and will not be able to hit. Uh, Hekaton.
Wade: Jesus Christ. This is a big map.
Wade: Yeah. It's going to take a long time just to run over
Wade: there. It's going to take us, yeah, it's going to take three rounds just to get in fireball range or something.
Kostadis: Well, that's fine. Cause the battle, the battle, the battle will change in three rounds. Um, how about this to make this a little bit more interesting?
Wade: Oh, no, no, no. I, I
Kostadis: think that's
Wade: interesting. I think
Kostadis: it's
Wade: just,
Kostadis: okay. Well, I'm just saying like, you can put you over here. Last time we put you there by accident.
Wade: Hey.
Kostadis: That's fine. All right. Okay, so she then launches a on this guy. What is a Balor? Is a Balor. Hold on. Before, before she does that,
Kostadis: since this creature is, uh, right. Oh, she will,
Kostadis: okay. So she will not use her, uh, lightning. She will, um,
Kostadis: she will attack with her. She will , she will rend him. So she'll do roll attack, roll, roll, roll. Um, that boils down to is three hits and she does 29 times three is what?
Wade: 60 minus three, 57.
Kostadis: No, 29 times three.
Wade: Oh, sorry. 90 minus three is 87.
Kostadis: Right. So 87 points to the Balor. All right. And then she becomes invisible.
Wade: There she
Wade: go.
Kostadis: It's, here he comes in. What's your movement rate? No, she can't do that. That's an, that's a, sorry. Nevermind. Keep going. All right. That's what she does. Okay. Serissa. Alright. Serissa the Storm Giant.
Dave: What kind of damage did she do to the daemon?
Kostadis: Ninety points of, uh, eighty seven points of damage.
Dave: What kind of damage?
Kostadis: Um, ooh, great question. Uh, ooh, sorry, you're correct. It should have been less. It should have been eighteen, eleven, eighteen points less. It's eighteen from slashing, plus eleven from lightning. But I almost forgot to roll one of her abilities. So she also does
Dave: So she does more damage.
Kostadis: Yes. Plus twenty five. So. So. She does. So that's 50, uh, 11. So if minus 1494 minus 14. All right. Okay. Okay. All right. Balor is kind of disappointed. All right. She is really pissed. Okay. Um, Serissa, what does Serissa do? Issa not Serissa. Serissa, right. Miren is kind of like, doesn't wanna do anything. Issa is a, is a, is a.
Kostadis: Okay, she realized, okay, lightning, what does this guy do? Actually immune to lightning. Yes, he's immune to lightning damage, so that's not going to help. Um, so she will just charge.
Kostadis: What's her movement rate? 100 feet. She's going to, yep, she's going to make it over here. All right. Um, Giant Storm, 1 and 5 are also going to do that. Yeah.
Kostadis: And five. Okay. Okay. Uh, Orsik, you're up.
Dave: Am I up?
Kostadis: Yes. Charge,
Dave: baby. All right. Um, what can I move? I can only move like 25 feet or something. 25 feet. Wow.
Kostadis: You can also use Expeditious Retreat.
Dave: Uh, yeah, but I don't want to burn a spell slot on that. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25. Wow.
Wade: Yeah, also, let the dragon be, you know, distracted.
Dave: What's that?
Wade: Let the dragon be distracted by other stuff. Use all our legendaries and everything else.
Dave: Yeah, well That's not very heroic.
Kostadis: So, just to remind you, just to remind you, as we said, the inner circle is where all the mayhem is going to occur. So you don't want to be there. The outer circle is where you might get hit.
Dave: All right, here we go.
Kostadis: I'm just saying.
Wade: And three rounds was it?
Dave: What did I get? Number five, number five, number five. What is five? An elemental. Okay.
Kostadis: What kind?
Dave: Dealer's choice.
Kostadis: Does it say?
Dave: It doesn't say and my daughter's having a meltdown breakdown. So why don't you guys go ahead and I will come back. Sorry.
Kostadis: Elemental. Earth Elemental. What would you guys like? Earth Elemental or Air Elemental? Air Elemental can fly and dragons can fly, just keep that in mind.
Gary: Is the elemental damage of the Air Elemental incompatible with the Blue Dragon?
Kostadis: You mean, are they invulnerable to it?
Kostadis: All right, okay, so Blue Dragon is only immune to lightning damage. I think
Gary: Air
Gary: Elemental
Gary: does.
Kostadis: I'm about to check.
Kostadis: Elemental, does, Thunderous, Slam, Thunder Damage, Thunder Damage.
Gary: Oh, cool. Sorry. There it is.
Jared: Anybody want to take a wager on whether I die, or we run out of time before it's my turn?
Wade: Oh! I think you'll get your turn.
Kostadis: Where does he appear?
Wade: I'm allowed to heal you.
Kostadis: Okay, so Orsik. All right, um, and he, we'll just add him to the Orsik's turn, right, Gary? Like your, uh, like your guys. All right.
Wade: Cool.
Kostadis: Oh, we didn't add the wizards.
Wade: Yes. We should add some wizards. That's
Wade: right, we have five, right?
Kostadis: Yes, just add the wizards. Let's see, what's the wizards, let's just use their default, um,
Kostadis: The mages, um, they have 15 armor class, And, uh, let's give them an AC. Somebody can roll once for their initiative.
Gary: Okay, I'll do it.
Kostadis: Alright, plus 2.
Gary: 17.
Kostadis: Alright, so that's, alright, so. Ah, 17. Alright, mages,
Kostadis: put them up. Okay, let's, uh, oh sorry, that should not be, that's not a bonus, but that's, um, All right, okay, uh, Orsik, all right, Orsik, Demon, the Demon, Balor. All right, all right,
Dave: guys, um, Air, earth, fire, or water? What kind of elemental should we summon?
Kostadis: Air, because they can fly. Yeah, air
Dave: makes sense. Alright, air it is.
Dave: You got
Kostadis: it. I put it on the table already.
Dave: Okay. Alright, I added it to the initiative.
Kostadis: I said it should just be with you, whatever you're
Dave: Yeah, I know. I agree. I agree.
Kostadis: Alright, so he makes an accent. He attacks with his longsword and his, um, whip. So A 19 and a 17. And the armor class is a 22, so those are two arm. You guys have really bad luck with the allies that you get.
Wade: Yeah, they're always good for chump blocks, though.
Kostadis: Right. And so, but she does take 10 points of damage from fire damage.
Kostadis: Actually, she takes a lot more than that. She takes
Wade: Did we not mark Bob's damage?
Kostadis: Oh yeah, we didn't. He should be at 161.
Wade: I got it at 161.
Kostadis: Alright, and actually we should, uh, Chromatic Dragon takes, uh, 30, 40 points of damage from Bob's fire, fire. Alright, giant number four.
Wade: It's one twelfth of the way!
Kostadis: Giant number four charges over here.
Kostadis: Um, uh, let's see. Vardis, you're up.
Wade: Oh boy. Um, I think I just gotta book it for at least one turn, so what am I at, 70, if I run?
Dave: You wanna get the Djinn out?
Wade: Uh, I, I mean, the Djinn's gonna have to move too if I pull it out, like he's a big melee swinger, so I think I should make 70 feet up.
Dave: Okay, yeah, what speed does he travel at?
Wade: Uh, he is kind of fast. Uh, you can fly
Kostadis: it.
Wade: The difference is I'll get an extra 35 if I run now. Um, let's see.
Dave: I thought we were, uh, okay. Yeah, no, that's true. Either way.
Wade: Yeah, I'm just, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna book it for one round.
Dave: Okay.
Wade: Um, so 70 feet gets me there. Oop, that's it. I mean, that's the. Gets me out of the danger zone and into the other type of danger zone.
Kostadis: Alright.
Wade: And I go ahead and look up the Djinn stats while other people are taking their turns.
Kostadis: Alright, who's next? I
Gary: think it's me.
Kostadis: Alright.
Gary: So, um, am I at the top here or am I still down somewhere?
Kostadis: Um, you just popped up at the top here.
Gary: So, I guess I'll move 70 as well. Let's see here.
Kostadis: Don't forget to move the magic users. I presume they're going to book as well.
Gary: Uh, are they on the initial tracker?
Kostadis: Yeah, they were, but because we didn't roll for them before they, they were, so I'm just going to move them. I'll just move them 60 feet.
Kostadis: All right.
Kostadis: Okay. Who's next?
Gary: Next is G.
Kostadis: Ah, the gargoyles. All right. So I'm just having two gargoyles do this. So this gargoyle attacks this guy. That translates into a small amount of damage being done per round. This guy has two gargoyles attacking him, and uh, these gargoyles over here, you can see them over here, um, uh, they will use, they take this trebuchet,
Kostadis: trebuchet, trebuchet work?
Wade: Oh, it's worth. Djinn has a fly of 90, so he still wouldn't have been able to get in range. Spellcasting range, probably, but would have been tight
Kostadis: to just get to Doom of the Desert,
Kostadis: for F's sake.
Kostadis: So, it will try to, it will try to attack, um, Balor, and, uh, let's see if I remember my class. Ooh, they hit him for 44 points of damage. But they take half damage. So he takes 22 points of damage from this trebuchet.
Dave: You get hit by a trebuchet?
Kostadis: Yes, this one over here. Armed by gargoyles.
Dave: Poor, poor Bob.
Kostadis: Yes, they just took 20 points of damage from a trebuchet.
Dave: All right, so 141.
Kostadis: Yes, these guys are going, these guys are going here. They
Kostadis: will be
Kostadis: non pestering you. They only affect the rest of the simulation. Alright, who's next?
Dave: Hekaton.
Kostadis: Hekaton. Hekaton. Hekaton. Hekaton. What does Hekaton do? Hekaton vaporizes these. Gargoyles with a, it vaporizes these two gargoyles with a lightning blast, thus incapacitating the trebuchet and advances 40 feet to here.
Kostadis: All right. Okay, who's next? Uh, the Priests. Uh, the Priests cower.
Kostadis: Uh, wait, one of them. No, no, no, they don't cower. They, uh, cast, they Prepare
Wade: to hear God, bitches!
Kostadis: Well, they're gonna heal their God. Which
Gary: one of the Priests again?
Kostadis: The, the Priests are over here. And number three is an Archpriest.
Gary: Where is, who are we here?
Dave: Dragon Priests.
Kostadis: Yes, who are we here?
Gary: I see. Great, thank you.
Kostadis: Yeah, sorry. Um, so they will heal him. They don't have a lot of hit points though. Um, blah blah blah. Where is it? Alright. So, so
Kostadis: 2d4, so they heal him for, uh, could somebody add 2d4 times 364, uh,
Dave: 12. The spreadsheet can do math for you.
Kostadis: I know, but it's too hard.
Kostadis: 2d4 what?
Kostadis: Oh, sorry, I'll just do it. I'll just do it. Uh,
Kostadis: 10 points of damage. She healed for 10 points. Healed for 10 points.
Gary: 10 damage on the
Kostadis: healing of the
Jared: dragon.
Kostadis: The healing of the dragon, the healing of the dragon.
Kostadis: All right, uh,
Kostadis: all right, so that's what they do. All right, okay, so who's next? Um, next is the giant, the storm giants. The storm giant over here vaporizes this dragon, this gargoyle, and this guy over here. Vaporizes that gargoyle and then they move forward. Okay, so the gargoyles are all dead. We barely knew you.
Kostadis: All right.
Dave: And so, I'll delete
Kostadis: row 13. Yeah, delete row 13 for practical purposes. Unless you manage to get close to the other trebuchet, it doesn't matter.
Dave: Right. Unla Key is up?
Kostadis: What? Yes. He survived! Hold on, let me just tell you what's going on here, right? So the dragons, the
Kostadis: dragons, let's see, what is their breath weapon? Right. The dragons kind of advance here. Right. Right.
Kostadis: And, let's see, what does a red dragon do?
Kostadis: Um, I'm going to Okay, what is a red dragon? Eh, why am I doing this to myself? I have the open character sheet, here we go. With all of the new abilities, it's kind of hard for me to keep track. Okay, so this is a 90 foot cone. This is a 90 foot cone. He's going to, he doesn't care, no. So, not, so he's not going to use his breath weapon.
Kostadis: They're currently moving into attack. Unla Key you may have been saved.
Kostadis: The dragons are approaching to attack each other. They can't actually breathe on each other, so they're not going to breathe on each other. And frankly, they don't think you're important enough to kill.
Wade: Okay. And they're out of ketchup.
Kostadis: Yeah, and they're, they're, they're Here's your moment,
Dave: Unla Key. What are you going to do?
Wade: Wand of Wonder! Wand of Wonder!
Dave: You can petrify a dragon!
Wade: It might!
Jared: Well, I was, I was thinking here's my chance for Chain Lightning, but these guys are like
Wade: a million miles apart.
Jared: Yeah. Well, I can get two of them.
Kostadis: These are ancient dragon
Dave: No, no, No, no, no. Don't, don't, don't say anything. I really want to see what happens.
Jared: You can't use the lightning against dragons.
Kostadis: You can. Absolutely.
Wade: It might not be super effective.
Dave: You do whatever you want.
Jared: When we're on the same team,
Dave: , I'm running, we'll have agency. I'm running for the blue dragon and the the north.
Gary: I'm outside the radius.
Dave: You are welcome. You wanna do something else? You go for it.
Jared: All right. I think that we should concentrate our fire on the same target.
Kostadis: Okay. That would be ,
Wade: the load bearing
Wade: dragon.
Jared: The load bearing dragon.
Kostadis: All right.
Jared: Disintegrate.
Kostadis: Uh, that's not a bad
Kostadis: spell.
Dave: You might be too far away.
Kostadis: Yeah, 445 feet. You may only need to cover 120 feet.
Jared: Yeah, the range is 60 feet.
Jared: Yeah.
Jared: Chain landing at least is 150 feet. I'm guessing that, uh, Fireball's not a good choice.
Kostadis: Uh, fire? No, dragons, blue dragons are only immune to lightning.
Wade: Yeah, so maybe don't chain lightning the lightning immune dragon.
Wade: Just, just, you know, minor suggestion.
Jared: So yeah, so that's, uh, I could, I could fireball from here.
Wade: You're gonna stay in the danger zone?
Jared: I feel like I should probably get out of the way.
Wade: Well, you can probably get, you can get, what, 25, 35 feet out of the, out of the, uh, the dragon chaos.
Jared: Yeah, well, and I can fly, right?
Kostadis: Yes.
Wade: Oh yeah. Are you in Pegasus form or whatever? Like,
Kostadis: I'm assuming so.
Jared: I'm always in Pegasus form.
Wade: You can only do that way for like an hour at a time or something. Anyway,
Kostadis: I'm assuming that's from the minute Bob appeared, he went into Pegasus.
Jared: So when I'm flying, how far can I go?
Kostadis: Uh, whatever Pegasus can do.
Wade: Do you have like 90 feet or something? No further. That's my why is
Wade: usually pretty far.
Kostadis: Pegasus can, Pegasus can go pretty far.
Wade: Pegasi.
Kostadis: Okay. I thought, you know, Little, My Little Pony,
Dave: 990. 90 feet.
Kostadis: Yeah.
Jared: Okay, so where are you guys?
Kostadis: They're like here.
Jared: Little dots. I'm here.
Kostadis: You're gonna have to zoom in for this battle just, just out of sheer.
Jared: It's gonna be these little, little fuckers right next to us.
Wade: Are
Wade: those the war mages?
Dave: Those are those, those are our red wizards that we brought with us.
Jared: Oh, okay. They're friends, so don't
Jared: fireball. Yeah.
Kostadis: Yes.
Wade: Do not .
Dave: They're on our side. They're, they're, uh,
Kostadis: do not chain.
Kostadis: Lightning.
Kostadis: Do not chain lightning. Okay,
Dave: so, I mean, I understand they're from Silverymoon.
Dave: Maybe we don't like them so much, but, but today, you know, alongside,
Wade: they have such a backward outlook on
Wade: Silverymoon. They
Wade: love me.
Jared: So like here?
Kostadis: Yes.
Jared: Or maybe like here, no, don't
Jared: cluster here. And then Fireball.
Kostadis: All right. Fireball, Iymrith.
Dave: You could, do you, are you sick within 60 feet now?
Kostadis: 70 feet.
Jared: I mean, I could go a little bit further.
Jared: That was like 80. I can
Jared: go 10
Kostadis: more. Alright.
Wade: Okay, yeah.
Kostadis: Hold on, hold on, hold on. You do recall dragons have a certain ability.
Wade: The Chomp Spellcaster?
Kostadis: The Legendary Resistance ability.
Dave: So
Dave: spells It just means they can win saving throws.
Kostadis: Yeah, so spells that have save or suck are not very useful, are kind of not quite useful against ancient dragons until after they've burned through their Legendary Resistances. So Fireball is a better choice.
Jared: Alright.
Kostadis: I'm just
Dave: Save the, save the high level spells for later, is what you're saying. Assuming he's alive to cast them at that point.
Kostadis: Well, if I'm not healing you,
Wade: I can heal Unla Key.
Kostadis: Yeah, you know, Vardis
Dave: Yeah, you can heal Unla Key as much as you like. I'm all for
Kostadis: that. Wait, like, Vardis, Vardis, Vardis has got a need to heal, and Unla Key has a need to be healed.
Wade: My best friend has
Wade: a death wish.
Jared: I mean, I have up to like 7th level, so should I cast it at like 3rd level?
Wade: I mean, she's going to save, right? That's
Jared: true.
Wade: She's
Kostadis: gonna save. I'm surprised you're not going with the Wand of Wonder.
Jared: Uh, I'm just not. Is it attuned?
Kostadis: Did you
Wade: ever unattune
Jared: it? Why don't I, I don't have it in my inventory.
Kostadis: I think it's because we, it was a special, no, no, I think I may have just given it to you as a special magic item. Anyway, it's a three, it's a three charge Wand of Wonder. I
Dave: believe you have it, yes. Um, I mean,
Kostadis: well, like, I think that the Wand of Wonder should be like reserved as a last ditch thing.
Jared: Yeah, I feel like that, that needs to be the like, the finishing blow.
Kostadis: So, um, Spa for Grass, you know, magic Missile. So what did you do?
Jared: Uh, fireball. Fireball 20. Damage 20.
Kostadis: Oh what? Oh, DC That's a pretty intense, uh, DC that she has to blow.
Jared: Yeah, I've got a DC 21
Kostadis: I noticed. Uh, she's got a plus
Jared: five, so I think you failed.
Kostadis: So, yeah. So, uh, 20 points of Damage. She will burn one of her resistances.
Jared: Did I hit that little doohickey to the right of her?
Kostadis: Oh, did you want to hit it? Did you want to
Dave: hit Bob?
Dave: You're attacking Bob? Oh, no, no, no, no.
Kostadis: Okay. I wish there were
Wade: words on them.
Kostadis: Oh, I can put words. Or at least color code who we don't want to shoot.
Dave: We want to kill the priests that are in the back, and the dragon. Everybody else is an ally.
Kostadis: I will mark the bad guys with a pink, um, uh,
Kostadis: hold on, save settings. Can you see them? They're now pink.
Jared: I see one pink monster.
Kostadis: Yeah, I know, I'm just, I'm about to, um, make them all pink. No, not this guy. He's a good guy. Although, he's not really a good guy, but for the purposes of this combat, he's not somebody you want killed. Great.
Kostadis: And I'm assuming you know what Iymrith is, but I will just still color her blue just so that it's obvious. All right. OK, so the tinted guys, I'm sorry, this guy over here is also
Jared: one number one.
Kostadis: Yeah. So they're all it's either tinted. The tinted icons are your enemies, except for Thuul. All right.
Kostadis: Mm
Wade: hmm. And Thuul's kind of the enemy, too.
Kostadis: Right. So so that. OK, so unlike he has managed to make it out of the zone of death. All right. Alrighty, pop the initiative, yeah?
Dave: Yeah, it says NPC mage, I don't know what you want to do with that.
Kostadis: Uh, no, they should have been sorted in the initiative order, so let's
Jared: just They were
Wade: added
Jared: long after we
Kostadis: sorted.
Kostadis: Yeah, so I put them in, they're sorted in. Alright, we're good. Okay, so the Chromatic Dragon, what does he do? What does she do? She's really, really, really, really annoyed because she can't use her breath weapon against the Balor. And she's got all these dipshits coming at her.
Kostadis: We got her legendary actions. That's okay. Um, that's
Wade: okay. She doesn't think she needs to use them for vermin like us.
Kostadis: Yeah, I know.
Kostadis: Uh, she will attack three times. Wants to get rid of Balor. She wants to get rid of the Balor first, and so she will. Oops. Okay. So she does, uh. 20, 42 points of damage. 42
Dave: on Bob?
Kostadis: No, no, 40. I was just trying to see if she does something else. No, she does. She will, um, she will, she will continue to attack Bob. All right. And, uh, she will attack Bob. Hit him for another 21 points of damage. So 63 points of damage.
Dave: 63?
Kostadis: Yes.
Dave: Poor Bob.
Dave: All that time on the astral plane, and he's just You know, not gonna make it, not gonna make it to, uh, a third round.
Dave: Okay? It gets 12 seconds of combat.
Kostadis: Come
Dave: here all that time, Bob. Okay. Come on. Issa, you're up.
Kostadis: C She throws a rock. 80 points of damage.
Dave: Eight, zero.
Kostadis: Yeah, she got a natural 20.
Dave: All right,
Kostadis: who's next?
Dave: Giant storm number one.
Kostadis: God,
Kostadis: you
Kostadis: stink.
Kostadis: He approached, hold on, um, turns invisible and flies away.
Dave: No, no attack of opportunity?
Kostadis: Uh, I didn't say that. I said flies away.
Dave: But Bob, does Bob
Kostadis: do that? I was gonna do Bob's attack.
Dave: Okay, okay, cool.
Kostadis: I just, I said a disadvantage, that's all. So that's a 20, 20 misses.
Kostadis: Bob's like, This is not fair.
Dave: Bob doesn't have see Invisible.
Kostadis: Uh, does Bob have see Invisible? Uh,
Kostadis: no, but she does take 30 points of damage from him.
Dave: Oh, from, uh, yeah, from like his, one of his, uh, area of effects, right?
Kostadis: Yep.
Dave: Alright, so another 30 off the dragon. Alright.
Kostadis: Set. Set. Set. She's got
Dave: a 3 4 1.
Kostadis: Yes, so then what she does is she moves,
Kostadis: let me just do this, or half what's her movement. Her movement is 80. Alright, so 80s guys can move a lot. Alright, let me just put her back where she was because I kind of didn't move this carefully enough. Alright, she moves here. She then. Moves close to Bob, hits him with her tail, becomes visible, and becomes visible.
Kostadis: Okay, for another
Kostadis: 31 points of, no, that's a 31. And she does another 21 points of damage.
Dave: Start healing Bob.
Kostadis: I
Wade: don't really want to have to deal with him after this battle.
Kostadis: She's no longer invisible, but she's 10 feet away from Bob. All right, this guy ran over here to try to hurt It's this guy. All right. Oh, sorry. Take that damage back. Sorry. That damage did not happen.
Dave: No.
Kostadis: So yes, it did happen.
Kostadis: So Bob's damage did happen. All right. Who's next?
Dave: Giant 1.
Kostadis: All right. Giant 1 will toss his rock. That really sounded naughty, didn't it?
Wade: Eh. All right.
Kostadis: You will, toss a rock. Uh, that's a miss. F 16, could you guys see, did you guys see that?
Dave: No.
Kostadis: Oh, shit. All right, hold on.
Kostadis: Horses. All right, fine.
Kostadis: Storm job. Monster. I want the old monster manual.
Kostadis: You know? Like, did you guys just, like, what happened? Like, can't we just have the old monsters? No, you cannot have the old monster manual.
Dave: Okay, so Giant 1 missed. What about Giant 5?
Kostadis: Yes, I'm going to get to Giant 5, sorry. This is where Dave says that, you know, I'm not as cool as, what's his name?
Kostadis: Alright. Uh, Rock. Okay.
Jared: Yeah. Is that what you're going
Kostadis: for here? Yeah. Oh, that is a hit.
Jared: That's a hit.
Kostadis: Yes. That is a hit. And as it is a hit. Uh, or, uh, 35 points of damage.
Dave: Alright.
Kostadis: She then, um, what's her name, hits Bob one more time, with her rend attack time.
Jared: With her legendary actions, okay.
Kostadis: Uh, hits because she has a plus.
Kostadis: Does she hit?
Dave: I don't know. What's her plus?
Kostadis: 16. What's his armor class?
Dave: Oh yeah, 19. She hits.
Kostadis: Or another 21 points of damage.
Dave: Oh, poor Bob. Oh, well, I think he might get an attack. He might get an action this round. Okay, Orsik is up. Okay, Orsik. Orsik is tired of not being in the action.
Wade: Well, I mean, Bob's in the action.
Wade: Look how he's doing.
Dave: Um, so that's my bonus action. So I could take dash twice, which means I could go a hundred feet. I go a hundred feet. Do I measure where's my, where's my ruler?
Wade: Perfect.
Dave: Perfect. Perfect. I love it.
Kostadis: I do. I must point out she is flying though.
Dave: Uh huh. I just want
Kostadis: to make sure. I just want
Dave: to make sure. And the elemental can go, the elemental can go 90 feet. I can't move it. Can you give me control over it?
Kostadis: Okay. Should be able to move it now.
Dave: That would be there.
Dave: Very exciting. Okay. We're going to be doing some damage soon.
Kostadis: All right. Who is next? NPC mage. Oh, Bob.
Dave: Bob. Finally. What are you going to do, Bob? Flee or fight?
Dave: I scream at Bob, KILL HER! KILL HER!
Wade: Now's your chance! Pull
Wade: her hands
Wade: down! Humiliate her!
Wade: 13
Kostadis: persuasion.
Jared: 13 persuasion.
Kostadis: No, no, no, no. Bob's an insanely enraged demon who is just pissed off beyond all human recognition. The only question is, who is he going to blame? You or him?
Dave: Okay, that's fine. Well, I started killer killer and I got a 13 persuasion, so you decide.
Wade: I mean, at this point. Iymrith has been pounding on him. He's You know, if he turns and hits, it hits Orsik.
Kostadis: Yeah. So that gets
Wade: him anywhere.
Kostadis: No, no. He's, I just, he thought about it and he's, he's going to go. Um,
Dave: well, if he goes a little bit, well, I guess he can't get advantage. Okay.
Kostadis: All right. So he hit once and twice.
Kostadis: Ooh, he hit twice for 36 points of damage.
Dave: Total of 36.
Kostadis: Yep.
Dave: Down to two seven zero.
Kostadis: Right.
Dave: That's it, Bob. You got, you got any like special attacks or anything, any like healing things, bonus actions?
Kostadis: No, no.
Dave: No bonus action.
Kostadis: All right, who's next? The mages. They're mages, Giant. Uh, the NPC mages. Dave, your mages.
Kostadis: Just tell me where you want me to place them.
Dave: Oh yeah, they're up. Like, all cast Fireball. Every single one of them.
Kostadis: I guess they could.
Dave: They all move them closer. Move them up.
Kostadis: All right, let's move them 30 feet.
Dave: Yeah.
Kostadis: So let's move them right here.
Dave: And she can burn all her legendary resistances. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
Kostadis: fireballs.
Dave: Unla Key you want to hit the fireball button 5 times? Yeah.
Kostadis: Hold on, hold on, hold on, before you do that, before you do that. She has
Dave: Counterspells?
Kostadis: 1, 2 She has one more legendary action.
Dave: Before their turn? Okay.
Kostadis: On Bob, of course.
Dave: Okay, to kill Bob. Okay. You do it. He's got 36 hit points.
Kostadis: Uh, she does 21 points of damage.
Dave: Oh, he's still alive.
Kostadis: He's still alive.
Jared: He's still alive.
Jared: All right, so five fireballs. Five fireballs. All
Kostadis: right, let's clear out those legendary
Jared: resists. One, two.
Kostadis: No, no, not yours. There's not yours.
Dave: It's okay, it's okay. Just the DC will be different, but it's fine. One, two, three. Spell DC
Kostadis: is what? 14. I see 5 now. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 26,
Dave: 32. Alright, perfect.
Kostadis: Their spell DC is 14.
Dave: Okay.
Kostadis: So, 2 saves, and 3 burned legendary resistances.
Wade: How many does she have?
Dave: Nice. Advantage is 14, 13, 14 plus 13, 14 plus 13, plus
Dave: 15, plus 13, plus 15, plus 16, 21, 27, 32, 27, 32.
Dave: Yeah, this is the
Kostadis: spreadsheet we have.
Jared: 42, 45, 55. Jim 71? Eliot
Kostadis: 71. It's too
Kostadis: late for math. Jim
Jared: 71. Eliot Let's just
Kostadis: do 71. Jim Woo!
Dave: She's under 200. Eliot
Kostadis: Alright. She Lemme just check how many legendary actions she has. Sorry. She has, I just can't remember.
Kostadis: She's done 4. She has 5. I might be mistaken. She has
Kostadis: 5. She has one more legendary action. Which she's going to use to kill Bob. You
Dave: Bob, maybe she'll get a one. Oh, no,
Kostadis: she kills Bob . Bob absorbed quite a bit of attacks. All right?
Dave: Yes, he did.
Kostadis: All right.
Dave: Who is she gonna fight next?
Kostadis: Oh, there's all, there's all the, there's an
Wade: Orsik
Jared: right in
Wade: front of her
Jared: Hey, you're respect to Bob. All right.
Wade: Hey, now we don't have to deal with any consequences of lying or, you know, swindling him.
Kostadis: All right. I even, I have to pay my respects to Bob.
Wade: Props
Dave: to Bob. You could, you could, you could raise 'em, Vardis.
Wade: Uh, I don't recall actually prepping any of that because of the DNRR.
Wade: Also, you know, after battle we can just go to
Dave: town and Well, he's just at zero hit points, so you could you could just use a healing spell.
Kostadis: No, he's dead. He's he turns into a puff of smoke. Alright.
Wade: This
Dave: is not his natural plane of existence. He's not really dead, right? He's just at home. This was his, like, bus ride home?
Kostadis: Yeah.
Dave: Is that how that works?
Dave: Yeah. He's not really dead. Oh, is he going to show up? He'll be
Kostadis: back. Okay, giant number four. Giant number four whacks and kills the two gargoyles that were attacking him. All right.
Dave: Vardis.
Wade: All right. Now I actually do something, and you know, by something I mean summon somebody else.
Wade: So 35 feet, eh, let's say around there.
Wade: Uh, and then I spend my action to summon my Djinn, uh, and he can come up to 120 feet away from me. So, I am, if you can hand, make me a Djinni.
Kostadis: Yes, I
Kostadis: can.
Dave: Put him on the other side of the dragon.
Wade: Yep, no, he's gonna help flank.
Dave: Perfect.
Wade: I, I got you, fam. So, yeah, put him around there.
Dave: Yeah.
Kostadis: Hold on.
Wade: Oh, there he is.
Wade: You already put him there. That is awesome. Yes,
Kostadis: I did.
Wade: I did. Uh, he's got 218. Oh, whatever.
Kostadis: Nice. 100. He's got 161 hit points.
Wade: Thunder damage is not lightning damage, right?
Kostadis: No, it is not lightning damage.
Wade: Right, and so he's gonna do Storm Bolt three times.
Kostadis: You probably, uh, Storm Bolt is a ranged attack, or is it a melee attack?
Wade: Oh, it's ranged, that's right.
Kostadis: So just keep that in mind.
Wade: It means it starts with disadvantage?
Kostadis: Yes.
Wade: Let's see Well, I would only lose out on some lightning bonus damage, so we'll do the melee attack because we want to do damage rather than miss. So we're just going to hit this three times. One, two, three.
Wade: That looks like triple miss.
Kostadis: Right?
Wade: Good job,
Wade: Jin, but at least you're flanking.
Kostadis: I sold Europe.
Gary: All right, so I'll start with Hunter's Mark and Iymrith. Let's see And then I will move Thuul in. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. Uh,
Gary: and then move myself outside of this red circle. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Be a little bit off diagonal. Um, And then I can get two arrow shots
Kostadis: in. All right, what'd you roll?
Gary: 20 hit.
Kostadis: No, a 22 armor class.
Gary: Wow, double miss.
Kostadis: Yes. Alright, who's next?
Gary: Next is Hekaton.
Kostadis: Hekaton. Hekaton. Where are you, Hekaton? Hekaton advances here, and he tosses a rock.
Kostadis: Jim. I gotta get an attack in at some point.
Kostadis: What
Kostadis: does he do?
Kostadis: Where's his rock?
Kostadis: Apparently he has a Ballista. That's
Kostadis: kind of a weird set of attacks for him, and it makes no sense. He will do that. He does 35 points of damage.
Kostadis: Um, with a, uh, rock. Okay.
Jared: The priests are up.
Kostadis: All right,
Kostadis: let's do the archpriest.
Kostadis: All right, the he, the priests all heal Hekaton. All heal Iymrith.
Dave: Iymrith, yeah.
Kostadis: Or 33 hit points.
Dave: 197.
Kostadis: Okay, that's what they do.
Dave: Giant 2 and Giant 3. Giant
Kostadis: 2 and Giant 3. Advance and advance and toss a rock. And they hit for 33 points of damage and they miss.
Dave: So there is a hit? Yeah. One
Kostadis: hit for 33 points of damage and one miss.
Jared: Alright. Unla Key.
Wade: Alright. So do we have any
Jared: legendary, um
Kostadis: You've burned 4.
Jared: I thought it only has 3.
Jared: It
Kostadis: has 5. It has 5.
Jared: Okay. So one more low level fireball.
Jared: Yeah, let's see what it turns out. Uh, plus
Kostadis: 7, 16 dexterity is a good one for you guys to have had. So, so she burns through her last legendary resistance.
Dave: And takes 18 damage.
Kostadis: Yep. Alrighty.
Dave: Nice. All right, so. Bell's coming up. All right, top of the initiative, Iymrith. She's killed her target, what now?
Dave: Everyone's stealing your gold, Iymrith! Over there! You
Kostadis: know,
Kostadis: you just said the magic word that answered the question about what it does. She wants to kill you.
Dave: Okay, alright. Good, I want her to kill me. Excellent. We are, we are simpatico. Go for it.
Wade: Any attacks that require, well, one attack that requires vision has to disadvantage for me.
Kostadis: She's using her lightning, her lightning breath.
Dave: AC 23. I have higher AC than Bob did.
Kostadis: No, she's using her lightning breath.
Dave: Okay,
Dave: ouch.
Kostadis: 103 points of damage.
Dave: Do I get a save on that?
Kostadis: Yeah, yeah.
Dave: Okay.
Kostadis: So the three people
Dave: is it a dex save.
Kostadis: Oh, you're, you're hoping it's the thing that you're worst at, right?
Dave: Yeah, yeah, my dex save is my worst save.
Kostadis: Dexterity. And it's a DC
Kostadis: 23.
Dave: I have her natural
Dave: 20. It's impossible for me to make it without a natural 20, right?
Dave: Like, aww. I took one oh, one oh three? Is that what you said?
Dave: Yes.
Dave: Excellent. Alright, doesn't she have like four more attacks?
Kostadis: No, no, she only gets, uh, when she uses her breath weapon, that's the only attack she
Dave: Alright, I'm guessing my concentration, uh, is lost. You have to try, right? What's the DC to maintain my concentration?
Dave: You
Kostadis: just need natural 20.
Wade: You don't need Expeditious Retreat anymore.
Dave: No, no, I want you to tell me what the DC is.
Gary: Don't tell me the odds. 60, 61.
Dave: Alright. Alright,
Wade: I don't think you made it.
Dave: Lost my concentration, alright.
Kostadis: Could someone make a saving throw for the air elemental?
Dave: Oh, is the elemental hit as well?
Kostadis: Yeah, it's
Wade: probably dead now.
Dave: Uh, okay. Let's see. Roll the 10. I have to look up its plus. What was it? No,
Kostadis: that's it. Yeah, it's dead.
Dave: It evaporates. Aw, well that was a waste. Okay, that didn't work out so well.
Kostadis: Alright. You still have got plenty of allies. The question is, will your character be around to celebrate?
Dave: Alright.
Kostadis: And we are at the, we are at the top, we are at the half hour point.
Dave: Oh, we gotta keep going.
Kostadis: No, no, no, because we're not gonna, there's a like, we'll stop here and so you guys could plan your next moves. And so I can plan my next moves. Um, well, so I'll tell you what she does do. Um.
Dave: She's got more attacks, right?
Kostadis: No, she does not.
Dave: Well, how many, uh, she has legendary actions every, every round she gets legendary actions, right?
Kostadis: Yes. So what would she do if I was her?
Dave: I mean, she could definitely kill Orsik. Because she'll get one after Serissa and after the two Storm Giants, so that will be plenty.
Kostadis: Yeah, so she's definitely going to try to kill Orsik.
Dave: Yeah,
Kostadis: the question is where is she going? Is
Wade: she going
Kostadis: to get
Wade: the Jinn in Attack of Opportunity?
Kostadis: Well, no, she's gonna do, she, she is not, she's going to wait for her, she's gonna wait for one action and then she's going to use her legendary action to become invisible, so that when she gets the Attacks of Opportunity, they are taken at a disadvantage. It also means that the rocks can't hit her.
Dave: Should have cast Sanctuary.
Kostadis: Sorry. I
Dave: did think about that one, but All right. Buh bye.
Kostadis: Buh bye. All
Kostadis: right.